## PTM Token

PTM is the native platform token for the Pentonium protocol. Currently, it has a total supply of 100,000,000 PTM. PTM is used within the platform in various instances like when a dispute is raised, the dispute fee needs to be paid in PTM tokens. The Vault in the PTM ecosystem accepts PTM upon which they get rewarded.  


## DeFi
Any person can stake PTM tokens in the wallet and it is a highly lucrative way to earn passive income just by staking PTM tokens in the Vault.  Vault gets a share of yield generated by the platform. Also in case of dispute resolution, a small percentage of the dispute fee goes to the vault directly.


## Becoming a Marshal
To become a  marshal, you need to stake at least 1,000 PTM  tokens in the vault contract. After the staking, you will need to open a proposal on why the community should vote and accept you as a marshal. If the majority of the votes approve your position as a marshal, you will be automatically approved on the marshal contract. If you are voted against as a marshal, you can simply stake PTM tokens and get rewarded. The more PTM they deposit, the more likely they will be chosen to arbitrate.


## Marshal Reward
Marshals will be rewarded from the fee charged for the dispute resolution and the commission against their DeFi holdings. 


## Marshal Rating
Marshals are rated based on the feedback from the traders and successful operations handled. This helps eliminate the bad from the good. If a marshal misses more than 3 summons, 50 PTM will be deducted from his staked account.
Also once a marshal’s staked tokens amount goes below 1,000 PTM, the marshal will be disabled from being summoned and thus will not be rewarded.
In extreme cases, marshals can be blacklisted, in rare situations like this, the marshals will lose all their staked PTM tokens.

